Update clean-cluster-nodes.md to point to RKE2 specific docs (#1375)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/clean-cluster-nodes.md

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="RKE2">

> Note: for instructions for cleaning a _Non-Rancher deployed RKE2 cluster_ see: https://docs.rke2.io/install/uninstall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note 
For instructions on cleaning a RKE2 cluster that weren't deployed by Rancher, see the [official RKE2 documentation](https://docs.rke2.io/install/uninstall) on uninstalling clusters.
:::
```

Reviewer 2: Need to update the suggested change since the subject-verb agreement is off. It should be either `cleaning a RKE2 cluster that wasn't` or `cleaning RKE2 clusters that weren't`.

Author: Also probably worth specifying that this is about cleaning _nodes in_ clusters that weren't deployed by Rancher

Author: or nodes on which RKE2 was installed via Rancher

Reviewer: Suggestion has been updated

Author: Is this waiting on me somehow?
